OKTA-447961 Merge the OIN building/submission guides for OIDC integrations (#4146)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/build-sso-integration/main/openidconnect/prep.md

* For single-page apps (SPA):

   Okta recommends the [Authorization Code flow with a Proof Key for Code Exchange (PKCE)](/docs/concepts/oauth-openid/#authorization-code-flow-with-pkce) to control access between your SPA application and a resource server.

> **Note:** Native and mobile app integrations aren't accepted as OIDC app integrations in the OIN. Set up your app to use an authentication flow that allows your client app to talk to your SaaS back end. Your SaaS back end can then securely communicate with Okta through trusted back-channel connections.

Follow these guides to implement the OAuth 2.0 flows:

* [Implement Authorization Code flow](/docs/guides/implement-grant-type/authcode/main/)
* [Implement Authorization Code flow with PKCE](/docs/guides/implement-grant-type/authcodepkce/main/)

> **Note:** You can also review these sample app integration quickstarts that use the Okta CLI:
> * [Sign in to SPA](/docs/guides/sign-into-spa-redirect/)
> * [Sign in to web application](/docs/guides/sign-into-web-app-redirect/)

> When you follow these guides, one caveat is the use of the authorization server. Most of the examples show you how to make an `/authorize` or `/token` request using a [custom authorization server](/docs/concepts/auth-servers/#custom-authorization-server). To support the potentially large numbers of Okta orgs accessing it through the OIN, an OIDC integration can't use a custom authorization server, including the `default` server. You can only use the [org authorization server](/docs/concepts/auth-servers/#org-authorization-server).

Reviewer: If an integration in OIN is installed, then a customer wants to do a jwt service call with OIDC integration with custom scopes, I don't think it's possible to do so with the org authorization server. Is this just a known limitation with OIN? 

Or is it that when the end customer installs it into their org, they can then use a custom authorization server, but we just don't want ISV to assume they can use custom/default auth server that's not org server?

 I haven't tested this use case myself so Im more curious which of the 2 behaviours happen

The only scope that must be declared is `openid`. When the authentication request is sent to Okta, the `openid` scope identifies the request as being an OIDC request.

Other optional scopes available (these are returned from the `/userinfo` endpoint):

* `profile`: The end user's default profile claims: `name`, `family_name`, `given_name`, `middle_name`, `nickname`, `preferred_username`, `profile`, `picture`, `website`, `gender`, `birthdate`, `zoneinfo`, `locale`, and `updated_at`
* `email`: Requests access to the `email` and `email_verified` claims

  > **Note:** Don't rely on the `email_verified` scope-dependent claim returned by an OIDC integration to evaluate whether a user has verified ownership of the email address associated with their profile.

* `address`: Requests access to the `address` claim
* `phone`: Requests access to the `phone_number` and `phone_number_verified` claims

> **Note**: The following scopes aren't supported for integrations published in the OIN:
>   * `offline_access` scope (since refresh tokens aren't supported)
>   * Custom scopes (such as the `groups` scope)

> You can only request the [OIDC scopes](/docs/reference/api/oidc/#scopes). Custom scopes can't be configured.

Author: sounds good! I'll add this suggestion.

> **Note:** The Okta SDKs can't be used for OIN app integration development if you need to validate access tokens with the org authorization server. This is due to the OIN restriction of using an org authorization server and the Authorization Code flow.

### Key rotation

The standard behavior in identity and access management is to rotate the keys used to sign tokens. Okta changes these keys typically four times a year (every 90 days), but that rotation schedule can change without notice. Okta automatically rotates the keys for your authorization server on a regular basis.

Your OIDC client should periodically query the `/keys` endpoint and retrieve the JSON Web Key Set. This key set contains the public keys used to verify the signatures of the tokens received from Okta. You can cache the keys to improve performance, but be aware that verification fails when Okta automatically rotates the keys.

For more information, see [key rotation](/docs/concepts/key-rotation/) or the `/keys` [API endpoint](/docs/reference/api/oidc/#keys) for specific details on handling queries and responses.

### Rate limit considerations

> When constructing your SSO application, you want to be aware of the limits on requests to Okta APIs. For reference on the categories and cumulative rate limits, see [Rate limits overview](/docs/reference/rate-limits/). Okta provides three headers in each response to report on both concurrent and org-wide rate limits.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you construct your SSO application, be aware of the limits on requests to Okta APIs. For information on the categories and cumulative rate limits, see the [Rate limits overview](/docs/reference/rate-limits/). Okta provides three headers in each response to report on both concurrent and org-wide rate limits.
```

For org-wide rate limits, the following three headers are provided:

* `X-Rate-Limit-Limit`: The rate limit ceiling that applies to the current request
* `X-Rate-Limit-Remaining`: The amount of requests left for the current rate-limit window
* `X-Rate-Limit-Reset`: The time when the rate limit resets, specified in UTC epoch time

> To monitor org-wide rate limits, include code in your application to check the relevant headers in the response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To monitor org-wide rate limits, include code in your app to check the relevant headers in the response.
```

* When the number of unfinished requests is below the concurrent rate limit, request headers only report org-wide rate limits.
* After you exceed a concurrent rate limit, the headers report that the limit has been exceeded.
* When you drop back down below the concurrent rate limit, the headers switch back to reporting the time-based rate limits.
* The first two header values are always `0` for concurrent rate limit errors. The third header reports an estimated time interval when the concurrent rate limit may be resolved.
* The `X-Rate-Limit-Reset` time for concurrent rate limits is only a suggested value. There's no guarantee that enough requests can complete for the requests to go below the concurrent rate limit at the time indicated.

The error condition resolves itself when there's another concurrent thread available. Normally no intervention is required. You may be exceeding the concurrent rate limit if you notice frequent bursts of HTTP 429 errors. Examine the activities in the log before the burst of HTTP 429 errors appeared. If you can't identify what is causing you to exceed the limit, contact [Okta Support](mailto:support@okta.com).

> You can request a temporary rate limit increase if you anticipate a large number of requests over a specified time period. Contact [Okta Support](mailto:support@okta.com) to open a ticket to permit the exception.

Reviewer: might be helpful to link to https://support.okta.com/help/s/article/How-can-we-request-to-have-the-rate-limit-for-our-org-temporarily-increased?language=en_US if its simple/kosher to link to support.okta from developer.okta
